---
layout: page
title: "Sponsoring FOSSi Foundation"
---

The Free and Open Source Silicon (FOSSi) Foundation fosters open
source semiconductor designâ€‹. The Foundation is working toward a
mature open source digital design ecosystem, the benefits of which
include faster time to market with better tested, open semiconductor
designs and ultimately cheaper and more secure electronics.

Inspired by the success of open source software, the FOSSi Foundation
will help bring about IP and tools of comparable quality to
proprietary offerings, and which are developed according to an open
source model by a highly collaborative and inclusive community.

The FOSSi Foundation will address the issues the field currently
faces; fragmentation, legal uncertainty, design quality, and high
barriers to entry. We are asking for sponsors to help us work towards
our goals throughout 2017 and beyond, and ask that you consider
sponsoring or donating to the FOSSi Foundation.

Please read our
[Sponsorship Proposal](/assets/SponsorshipProposal-Feb17.pdf) and get
in touch with us at
[sponsoring@fossi-foundation.org](mailto:sponsoring@fossi-foundation.org).

## Frequently Asked Questions

In the following we answer frequently asked questions and give
examples of how you and the broader community can benefit from our
activities.

### Who are the people behind the FOSSi Foundation?

We have started the FOSSi Foundation from within the open source
silicon community with the goal to have a robust, community-controlled
instance to support the community with resources and a platform.

The FOSSi Foundation is formed of individual members that elect the
[board of directors](/organization) to follow the goals. The board
forms [committees](/organization) of experts from our members and a
broader community with the mandate to steer our activities.

### What are your goals?

### What is the legal status of FOSSi Foundation?

### How will my funds be used?

### How can the community benefit from our work?

### How can startups benefit from our work?

### How can EDA companies benefit from our work?

### How can FPGA-centric companies benefit from our work?



