<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2010%20August%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Ce305d55b-7b8d-8a57-7812-1c0e272ca485%40fossi-foundation.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000070.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000072.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020</H1>
    <B>Stefan Wallentowitz</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2010%20August%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Ce305d55b-7b8d-8a57-7812-1c0e272ca485%40fossi-foundation.org%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020">stefan at fossi-foundation.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Aug 10 15:38:06 CEST 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000070.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000072.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#71">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#71">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#71">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#71">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi,

I cannot make it today, but was wondering if we want to have a regular
update posted on the website? Release notes and links to video
recordings of talks and news articles might be a cheap start for
content, right?

Cheers,
Stefan


On 09.08.20 15:18, Jeremy Bennett wrote:
&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Our next regular meeting of the Embench group will be tomorrow Monday,
</I>&gt;<i> 10 August, 8-9am California time. This is a week earlier than our
</I>&gt;<i> regular cycle because of possible conference clashes next week.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Since it is only 3 weeks since our last call, this may be a relatively
</I>&gt;<i> light meeting.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> We shall meet using the same Zoom details as before. I have changed
</I>&gt;<i> the settings to remove the waiting room, so there should be no delays
</I>&gt;<i> in joining from now on.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Please email me if you do not have the Zoom meeting details - I am
</I>&gt;<i> reluctant to post details on an open mailing list.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Agenda
</I>&gt;<i> ======
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 1. Actions from previous meeting
</I>&gt;<i> --------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to add tutorial example to reproduce baseline results
</I>&gt;<i> in documentation.
</I>&gt;<i> - captured as GitHub issue 68
</I>&gt;<i> - in progress
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Roger Shepherd to provide Embench results for ST dev
</I>&gt;<i> boards, Apple Macs and Raspberry Pi.
</I>&gt;<i> - in progress
</I>&gt;<i> - Roger to report, see agenda item 4.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy Bennett/Paolo Savini to attempt to get results for
</I>&gt;<i> Atmel AVR using Arduino.
</I>&gt;<i> - in progress
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to explore alternatives to Google Docs for
</I>&gt;<i> presentations
</I>&gt;<i> - in progress
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Ray Simar to set class project to come up with new
</I>&gt;<i> benchmarks based on the TinyML book.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Ray Simar to continue work on BDTI benchmarks,
</I>&gt;<i> including how they would be licensed (anything GPL compatible is fine).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to set up repository, with Ray as co-owner for FP Embench
</I>&gt;<i> - complete
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to reissue 10 August invitation.
</I>&gt;<i> - complete
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 2. GitHub pull requests
</I>&gt;<i> -----------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - From embench-iot:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/75">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/75</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - adds missing prerequsite to documentation
</I>&gt;<i> - merged.
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Jeremy Bennett for the fix
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/80">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/80</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - remove Python 3.6 dependency when checking version
</I>&gt;<i> - merged
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Nidal Faour for the fix
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/82">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/82</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - make scripts work with older versions of Python
</I>&gt;<i> - rejected - previous design decision to use Python 3.6
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Nidal Faour proposing this solution
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/5">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/5</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - resolves issue #84
</I>&gt;<i> - under revision
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Roger Shepherd for the fix
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - From embench-iot-results:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> None
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 3. New GitHub issues
</I>&gt;<i> --------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - From embench-iot:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/76">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/76</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - parameter value priority order is unclear
</I>&gt;<i> - the structure of config files needs cleaning up
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/77">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/77</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - -gc-sections is -dead-strip in the Apple linker
</I>&gt;<i> - this issue will largely go away when we get rid of dummy libs
</I>&gt;<i> - any residual documentation should be updated.
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/78">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/78</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - documentation incorrectly says --chip and --board are mandatory
</I>&gt;<i> - bug in the documentation to be fixed.
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/81">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/81</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - native target truncates time measurements
</I>&gt;<i> - appears to be a bug in run_native.py
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Samuel Obuch for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/83">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/83</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - error in logging failed command when running benchmarks
</I>&gt;<i> - but benchmark_speed.py
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Samuel Obuch for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/84">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/84</A>
</I>&gt;<i> - unclear naming convention for Python modules in benchmark_speed.py
</I>&gt;<i> - bug in the documentation
</I>&gt;<i> - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - From embench-iot-results:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> None
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 4. Update on benchmarks
</I>&gt;<i> -----------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Roger Shepherd will report on his progress with benchmarking other
</I>&gt;<i> platforms.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 5. Publicity
</I>&gt;<i> ------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> We were unfortunately not accepted for Arm TechCon
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Jeremy Bennett is speaking at VSDOpen in October, a conference for
</I>&gt;<i> students in India. Although the talk has quite a broad abstract, it
</I>&gt;<i> will use Embench as an example of the bridge between hardware and
</I>&gt;<i> software in open source.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 6. Embench 0.6
</I>&gt;<i> --------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> There is an ongoing shared document to add potential programs for a
</I>&gt;<i> new floating point benchmark suite:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tC0LXZRYeyoSRTM9aXtapzx3sA00vfFcL9QjOxU3vzQ">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tC0LXZRYeyoSRTM9aXtapzx3sA00vfFcL9QjOxU3vzQ</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> This has been updated with the candidate programs from BEEBS.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Ray Sinar is leading the effort to develop the FP benchmark suite with
</I>&gt;<i> his students during the coming semester.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> A reminder that we need volunteers to lead particular aspects of
</I>&gt;<i> current and future efforts.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 7. Next meeting
</I>&gt;<i> ---------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> We currently meet regularly on the third Monday of each month 8-10am
</I>&gt;<i> California time. Our future meetings will be. Note that the Decmember
</I>&gt;<i> date has been changed to avoid the week before Christmas.
</I>&gt;<i> - Mon 21 Sep 2020
</I>&gt;<i> - Mon 19 Oct 2020
</I>&gt;<i> - Mon 16 Nov 2020
</I>&gt;<i> - Mon 14 Dec 2020 (changed)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> At our next meeting, I shall propose dates for 2021.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I've created a calendar entry for our regular attendees, to provide
</I>&gt;<i> automated reminders. Please ask if you wish to be added to this.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 8. AOB
</I>&gt;<i> ------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Jeremy Bennett
</I>&gt;<i> Vice chair
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
-- 
Stefan Wallentowitz
Director
Free and Open Source Silicon Foundation, <A HREF="https://fossi.foundation">https://fossi.foundation</A>

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: signature.asc
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 195 bytes
Desc: OpenPGP digital signature
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/attachments/20200810/44472d8d/attachment.sig">http://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/attachments/20200810/44472d8d/attachment.sig</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000070.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000072.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#71">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#71">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#71">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#71">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
