<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2010%20August%202020&In-Reply-To=%3C7dca39d6-9016-0c1a-afc1-edbe7fa2313e%40fossi-foundation.org%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000072.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000074.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020</H1>
    <B>Stefan Wallentowitz</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2010%20August%202020&In-Reply-To=%3C7dca39d6-9016-0c1a-afc1-edbe7fa2313e%40fossi-foundation.org%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020">stefan at fossi-foundation.org
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Aug 10 15:58:42 CEST 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000072.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000074.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#73">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#73">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#73">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#73">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>It's markdown actually and you can put html into it too if you prefer
that ;) Happy to assist with that, also create the content. We can
discuss this in the next call that I will make hopefully.

Meanwhile, if anyone has a few lines of news, summary, tutorial etc.
please just drop me a mail.

Best,
Stefan

On 10.08.20 15:54, Jeremy Bennett wrote:
&gt;<i> On 10/08/2020 14:38, Stefan Wallentowitz wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I cannot make it today, but was wondering if we want to have a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> regular update posted on the website? Release notes and links to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> video recordings of talks and news articles might be a cheap start
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for content, right?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Hi Stefan,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Yes. Bottleneck is me learning how to drive a YAML based website :-(
</I>&gt;<i> Would be delighted if anyone else could pick this up.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Sorry you won't be on the call.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Jeremy
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers, Stefan
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 09.08.20 15:18, Jeremy Bennett wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Our next regular meeting of the Embench group will be tomorrow
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Monday, 10 August, 8-9am California time. This is a week earlier
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> than our regular cycle because of possible conference clashes
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> next week.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Since it is only 3 weeks since our last call, this may be a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> relatively light meeting.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We shall meet using the same Zoom details as before. I have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> changed the settings to remove the waiting room, so there should
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> be no delays in joining from now on.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Please email me if you do not have the Zoom meeting details - I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> am reluctant to post details on an open mailing list.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Agenda ======
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1. Actions from previous meeting
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to add tutorial example to reproduce baseline
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> results in documentation. - captured as GitHub issue 68 - in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> progress
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Roger Shepherd to provide Embench results for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ST dev boards, Apple Macs and Raspberry Pi. - in progress - Roger
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to report, see agenda item 4.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy Bennett/Paolo Savini to attempt to get results
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for Atmel AVR using Arduino. - in progress
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to explore alternatives to Google Docs
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for presentations - in progress
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Ray Simar to set class project to come up with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> new benchmarks based on the TinyML book.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION (ongoing): Ray Simar to continue work on BDTI benchmarks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> including how they would be licensed (anything GPL compatible is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> fine).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to set up repository, with Ray as co-owner for FP
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Embench - complete
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ACTION: Jeremy to reissue 10 August invitation. - complete
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2. GitHub pull requests -----------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - From embench-iot:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/75">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/75</A> - adds missing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> prerequsite to documentation - merged. - thanks to Jeremy Bennett
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for the fix
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/80">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/80</A> - remove Python
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3.6 dependency when checking version - merged - thanks to Nidal
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Faour for the fix
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/82">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/82</A> - make scripts
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> work with older versions of Python - rejected - previous design
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> decision to use Python 3.6 - thanks to Nidal Faour proposing this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> solution
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/5">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/5</A> - resolves issue
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> #84 - under revision - thanks to Roger Shepherd for the fix
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - From embench-iot-results:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> None
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3. New GitHub issues --------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - From embench-iot:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/76">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/76</A> - parameter
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> value priority order is unclear - the structure of config files
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> needs cleaning up - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/77">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/77</A> - -gc-sections
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> is -dead-strip in the Apple linker - this issue will largely go
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> away when we get rid of dummy libs - any residual documentation
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> should be updated. - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/78">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/78</A> - documentation
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> incorrectly says --chip and --board are mandatory - bug in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> documentation to be fixed. - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/81">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/81</A> - native target
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> truncates time measurements - appears to be a bug in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> run_native.py - thanks to Samuel Obuch for raising this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/83">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/83</A> - error in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> logging failed command when running benchmarks - but
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> benchmark_speed.py - thanks to Samuel Obuch for raising this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/84">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/84</A> - unclear naming
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> convention for Python modules in benchmark_speed.py - bug in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> documentation - thanks to Roger Shepherd for raising this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - From embench-iot-results:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> None
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 4. Update on benchmarks -----------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Roger Shepherd will report on his progress with benchmarking
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> other platforms.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 5. Publicity ------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We were unfortunately not accepted for Arm TechCon
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jeremy Bennett is speaking at VSDOpen in October, a conference
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for students in India. Although the talk has quite a broad
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> abstract, it will use Embench as an example of the bridge between
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hardware and software in open source.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 6. Embench 0.6 --------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> There is an ongoing shared document to add potential programs for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a new floating point benchmark suite:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tC0LXZRYeyoSRTM9aXtapzx3sA00vfFcL9QjOxU3vzQ">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tC0LXZRYeyoSRTM9aXtapzx3sA00vfFcL9QjOxU3vzQ</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This has been updated with the candidate programs from BEEBS.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ray Sinar is leading the effort to develop the FP benchmark suite
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> with his students during the coming semester.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> A reminder that we need volunteers to lead particular aspects of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> current and future efforts.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 7. Next meeting ---------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We currently meet regularly on the third Monday of each month
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 8-10am California time. Our future meetings will be. Note that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the Decmember date has been changed to avoid the week before
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Christmas. - Mon 21 Sep 2020 - Mon 19 Oct 2020 - Mon 16 Nov 2020
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Mon 14 Dec 2020 (changed)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> At our next meeting, I shall propose dates for 2021.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I've created a calendar entry for our regular attendees, to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> provide automated reminders. Please ask if you wish to be added
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to this.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 8. AOB ------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jeremy Bennett Vice chair
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
-- 
Stefan Wallentowitz
Director
Free and Open Source Silicon Foundation, <A HREF="https://fossi.foundation">https://fossi.foundation</A>

-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: signature.asc
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 195 bytes
Desc: OpenPGP digital signature
URL: &lt;<A HREF="http://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/attachments/20200810/abf39562/attachment.sig">http://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/attachments/20200810/abf39562/attachment.sig</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000072.html">[Embench] Embench meeting/call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000074.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 10 August 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#73">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#73">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#73">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#73">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
