<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Embench meeting/call 17 Feb 2020
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2017%20Feb%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Cc1e55e1f-43d2-16a8-6674-22449c4623ae%40embecosm.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000035.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000037.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Embench meeting/call 17 Feb 2020</H1>
    <B>Jeremy Bennett</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2017%20Feb%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Cc1e55e1f-43d2-16a8-6674-22449c4623ae%40embecosm.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Embench meeting/call 17 Feb 2020">jeremy.bennett at embecosm.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Feb 16 10:06:10 CET 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000035.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 20 Jan 2020
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000037.html">[Embench] Embench 0.5 released
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#36">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#36">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#36">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#36">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hi all,

A reminder that our next regular meeting of the Embench group will be
on Monday, 17 February, 8-10am California time.

This is our last meeting before the official launch of Embench 0.5 at
Embedded World.

We will meet using the same Zoom details as before. Please email me if
you do not have them - I am reluctant to post details on an open
mailing list.

Agenda
======

1. Actions from previous meeting
- --------------------------------

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to merge pull request 29 from Ola Jepsson.
- - Complete

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to raise issue of better analytics with Stefan
Wallentowitz at FOSSi.
- - In progress.

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett and Roger Shepherd to try to re-engage with EEMBC.
- - Jeremy to meet with Peter Torelli at Embedded World

ACTION: Dave Patterson to send Jeremy documentation to upload to the Wiki.
- - Complete: documentation in process of being merged.

ACTION: Dave Patterson to prepare a paper for HotChips in August 2020.
- - In progress: To address after Embedded World (deadline 23 March)

ACTION: Jon Taylor to advise when to submit proposal to speak at Arm
TechCon in autumn 2020.
- - Ongoing

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to investigate channels for press release for
Embedded World. Dave Patterson to write text of press release.
- - See below

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to complete work on Arm Cortex M4 data points
as new baseline, for presentation at next meeting.
- - Complete - see below

2. GitHub pull requests
- -----------------------

The following pull requests have been merged:

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/36">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/36</A>
- - Fix calculation in relative computation
- - Thanks to Luis Marques for the patch

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/35">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/35</A>
- - Provide option to control timeout when building benchmarks
- - Thanks to Luis Marques for the patch

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/34">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/34</A>
- - Document the requirement for at last Python 3.6
- - Thanks to J Monesti for the patch

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/32">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/32</A>
- - Correct some mistakes in README.md
- - Thanks to Lyell Read for the patch

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/29">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/29</A>
- - Adds a default target
- - Merge completes action from last month
- - Thanks to Ola Jeppsson for this big patch

The following pull request is outstanding:

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/33">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/33</A>
- - Support for Arm Cortex M4
- - This work will be merged prior to Embedded World

3. New GitHub issues
- --------------------

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/37">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/37</A>
- - Problem with building RISC-V benchmarks (empty binaries)
- - Needs diagnosis, but may be affected by recent changes
- - Thanks to Lyell Read for raising the issue

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/38">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/38</A>
- - Avoiding full paths
- - This highlights a weakness in documenting the scripts
- - Thanks to Lyell Read for raising the issue

4. Website analytics
- --------------------

Update from Cesare Garlati

I have asked Stefan Wallentowitz to advise on how we can get better
data for offline processing (action in progress from previous meeting).

5. EEMBC process
- ----------------

Jeremy Bennett is to meet with Peter Torelli at Embedded World (action
from previous meeting).

6. Update on benchmarks
- -----------------------

Jeremy Bennett and Paolo Savini will present the new baseline results
using the Cortex M4. These have been measured using a low cost
STMicroelectronics Discovery board. The baseline also uses official
releases of GCC (9.2) and binutils (2.32).

These are not yet upstream, because we wish to provide results under
embargo to the press. They will go live during the talk at Embedded
World. If the meeting wishes, I shall present them under embargo
during the call. All results will undergo review prior to completion
of the press release.

With a new baseline existing results will all be reworked. We are in
the process of sanitizing our existing data, including preparation of
a new, cleaner embench-iot-results repository.

7. Process and documentation
- ----------------------------

Jon Taylor and Dave Patterson have prepared updated documentation,
which is in the process of being incorporated into the repository.

8. Publicity
- ------------

Embench was presented at the RISC-V London meetup hosted by the
British Computer Society (video to appear in due course) and at the
FOSDEM LLVM Developer's room. That latter talk looked at the value of
Embench in compiler development - slides and videos:

  <A HREF="https://fosdem.org/2020/schedule/event/llvm_benchmarking_embench/">https://fosdem.org/2020/schedule/event/llvm_benchmarking_embench/</A>

The official launch of Embench will be at Embedded World, 25-27
February. Unfortunately, due to Covid-19, this will be a much smaller
meeting than usual, and there is some risk it may even be cancelled.

Jeremy Bennett will be attending if it does go ahead (Embecosm GmbH is
based in NÃ¼rnberg), and will present on behalf of the Embench group.
The presentation will be prepared by Dave Patterson.

Dave Patterson and Jeremy Bennett will prepare a press release this
week, which will be shared under embargo with key journalists by
Cesare Garlati.

At our next meeting we shall review the launch and consider what we
should like to present at Hot Chips.

9. Next meeting
- ---------------

We meet regularly on the third Monday of each month 8-10am
California time. Our future meetings will be
- - Mon 16 Mar 2020
- - Mon 20 Apr 2020
- - Mon 18 May 2020
- - Mon 15 Jun 2020
- - Mon 20 Jul 2020
- - Mon 17 Aug 2020
- - Mon 21 Sep 2020
- - Mon 19 Oct 2020
- - Mon 16 Nov 2020
- - Mon 21 Dec 2020

At our next meeting, we shall consider whether monthly meetings are
needed - we may want to drop to quarterly meetings, at least until
closer to the next release.

I've been created a calendar entry for our regular attendees,
to provide automated reminders.

10. AOB
- -------

Best wishes,


Jeremy Bennett
Vice chair

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iF0EARECAB0WIQRASGDWqmhRZUfAaPW+9YFy+0dU4QUCXkkGAAAKCRC+9YFy+0dU
4XuzAJ4h1Q+uCtStv1C3lsX1u0bmfNd75gCeM/BAsOb9YoWW/O/HcvxG4zBs/4Y=
=zPt+
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000035.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 20 Jan 2020
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000037.html">[Embench] Embench 0.5 released
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#36">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#36">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#36">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#36">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
