<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Embench meeting/call 18 Nov 2019
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2018%20Nov%202019&In-Reply-To=%3C025eb75e-576f-85dd-c6f6-c1010ff0220b%40embecosm.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000027.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000029.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Embench meeting/call 18 Nov 2019</H1>
    <B>Jeremy Bennett</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2018%20Nov%202019&In-Reply-To=%3C025eb75e-576f-85dd-c6f6-c1010ff0220b%40embecosm.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Embench meeting/call 18 Nov 2019">jeremy.bennett at embecosm.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Nov 14 19:57:40 CET 2019</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000027.html">[Embench] Improved documentation
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000029.html">[Embench] Notes for Embench meeting/call 21 Oct 2019
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#28">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#28">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#28">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#28">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hi all,

A reminder that our next regular meeting of the Embench group will be
on Monday, 18 November, 8-10am California time.

We will meet using the same Zoom details as before. Please email me if
you do not have them - I am reluctant to post details on an open
mailing list.

Agenda
======

1. Actions from previous meeting
- --------------------------------

(to follow - I realize I have not yet circulated the minutes)

2. GitHub pull requests
- -----------------------

Pleasing activity from the community!!!

I have dropped the requirement for a separate ChangeLog file, instead
requiring that the commit log follow ChangeLog conventions. This gets
rid of all the merge conflicts with the ChangeLog file!

The following pull requests have been processed.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/14:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/14:</A> Fix FP accuracy
- - thanks to Koh Tsune
- - small changes as suggested by Jon Taylor and merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/15:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/15:</A> Fix script exception
handling.
- - thanks to Koh Tsune
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/17:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/17:</A> Remove duplicate PI
definition
- - thanks to Koh Tsune
- - rejected to preserve diversity in the code base as discussed

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/18:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/18:</A> Avoid use of long double
- - thanks to Anton Blanchard
- - rejected to keep long double example in code base

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/19:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/19:</A> use __int128 if available
- - thanks to Anton Blanchard
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/23:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/23:</A> Ensure nbody uses its
main function
- - thanks to Koh Tsune for raising issue 16 on this
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/24:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/24:</A> Fix bugs in pull req 23
- - thanks to Koh Tsune
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/25:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/25:</A> Check Python version
- - thanks to Cooper Qu for raising issue 20 o nthis
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/26:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/26:</A> Fix spelling typo
- - thanks to kneta2
- - merged

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/27:">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/pull/27:</A> Update documentation
and convert to Markdown
- - thanks to me
- - merged

3. GitHub open issues
- ---------------------

We have two open issues. Comments welcome.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/21">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/21</A>

Cooper Qu proposes an enhancement to &quot;freeze&quot; the Python code of the
scripts for portability.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/6">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/6</A>

Paul GÃ¶tzinger gave good feedback on trying to run the benchmarks. We
still need more documentation on how to run benchmarks on different
targets.

4. Website analytics
- --------------------

Update from Cesare Garlati

5. Update on benchmarks
- -----------------------

Update on crypto, BluetoothLE benchmarks

Update on porting context switch to Arm.

6. EEMBC process
- ----------------

Jeremy to report on conversation with Peter Torelli.

7. Process and documentation
- ----------------------------

Jon Taylor and Dave Patterson to report on progress with documentation.

8. Publicity
- ------------

I now have control of @EmbenchOrg on Twitter
(<A HREF="https://twitter.com/EmbenchOrg">https://twitter.com/EmbenchOrg</A>). Let me know if there is anything I
should be tweeting.

All to report on speaking and other publicity opportunities.

I propose submitting a main track talk to FOSDEM (1-2 February,
Brussels) on Embench. There is fierce competition for these slots. It
is a big audience (5-8k attendees, 1,500 seater lecture theatre, live
streamed). Who should be the speaker?

I'll also submit a talk on using Embench to evaluate LLVM to the
FOSDEM LLVM Dev Room.

9. More data
- ------------

I hope to report a set of data on code size for ARC, Arm and RISC-V
for a range of architecture variants.

10. Next meeting
- ---------------

We meet regularly on the third Thursday of each month 8-10am
California time. Our next meeting will be Monday 16 December.

11. AOB
- ------

Best wishes,


Jeremy
Vice chair

- -- 
Tel: +44 (1590) 610184
Cell: +44 (7970) 676050
SkypeID: jeremybennett
Twitter: @jeremypbennett
Email: <A HREF="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">jeremy.bennett at embecosm.com</A>
Web: www.embecosm.com
PGP key: 1024D/BEF58172FB4754E1 2009-03-20
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iEYEARECAAYFAl3No6MACgkQvvWBcvtHVOFkYwCcCsWf5i32dpITxZOLvzA/4L96
yp4AnRFIa3jtcYnbZuSowlKREC/An3el
=PiEn
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000027.html">[Embench] Improved documentation
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000029.html">[Embench] Notes for Embench meeting/call 21 Oct 2019
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#28">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#28">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#28">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#28">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
