<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Notes from Embench meeting of 19 July 2021
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Notes%20from%20Embench%20meeting%20of%2019%20July%202021&In-Reply-To=%3Cfe2da6e5-fc81-7b99-5a05-51da0c034aef%40embecosm.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000149.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000147.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Notes from Embench meeting of 19 July 2021</H1>
    <B>paolo</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Notes%20from%20Embench%20meeting%20of%2019%20July%202021&In-Reply-To=%3Cfe2da6e5-fc81-7b99-5a05-51da0c034aef%40embecosm.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Notes from Embench meeting of 19 July 2021">paolo.savini at embecosm.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Aug 16 15:07:37 CEST 2021</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000149.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench meeting of 19 July 2021
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000147.html">[Embench] Agenda for Embench meeting on 16 August 2021
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#150">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#150">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#150">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#150">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Thanks Jeremy,

@Richard Chen I realize that we haven't had a chance to work on the
action of how to clarify the concept of speed measurement in the
documentation.

Do you think you'll have time to arrange a call in the next few days so
we can bring this task forward?


Best,

Paolo Savini


On 15/08/2021 16:12, Ofer Shinaar wrote:
&gt;<i> On 15/08/2021 18:07, Jeremy Bennett wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 15/08/2021 16:00, Ofer Shinaar wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Jeremy,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks for updating the MM.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I have a question regarding &quot;Reviewed, 5 issues to review&quot;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-meetings/blob/main/meetings/2021/2021-07-19-minutes.md#actions-from-previous-meeting">https://github.com/embench/embench-meetings/blob/main/meetings/2021/2021-07-19-minutes.md#actions-from-previous-meeting</A>&gt;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> did you have a chance to discuss it at the last meeting?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We did not see any issues opened/pending or comments on the PR itself.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Do we plan to open new issues for tracking?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Ofer,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I'll defer to Bill on this - he gave a detailed report last meeting, but
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> maybe he has reported by email rather than on the PR itself.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opening issues for tracking would seem to be good practice.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Jeremy
</I>&gt;<i> Maybe, although I don't find it here: 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/">https://lists.librecores.org/pipermail/embench/</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;<i> Ofer
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ofer
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 15/08/2021 17:43, Jeremy Bennett wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> My apologies, but I realize I had not sent out the minutes of last
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> month's meeting. They are in the repository here:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-meetings/blob/main/meetings/2021/2021-07-19-minutes.md">https://github.com/embench/embench-meetings/blob/main/meetings/2021/2021-07-19-minutes.md</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Actions for Nidal Faour and Paolo Savini, and a deferred action for Bill
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> McSpadden, Avishai Tvila and Ofer Shinaar.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The agenda for Monday's meeting will follow shortly.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best wishes,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jeremy
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cell: +44 (7970) 676050
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> SkypeID: jeremybennett
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Twitter: @jeremypbennett
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Email: <A HREF="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">jeremy.bennett at embecosm.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Web: www.embecosm.com
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> PGP key: 1024D/BEF58172FB4754E1 2009-03-20
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000149.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench meeting of 19 July 2021
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000147.html">[Embench] Agenda for Embench meeting on 16 August 2021
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#150">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#150">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#150">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#150">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
