<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Embench] Embench meeting/call 11 May 2020
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2011%20May%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Ce7dddf81-3a2e-6315-0d16-3b57d441fc8b%40embecosm.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000047.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="000049.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Embench] Embench meeting/call 11 May 2020</H1>
    <B>Jeremy Bennett</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:embench%40lists.librecores.org?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BEmbench%5D%20Embench%20meeting/call%2011%20May%202020&In-Reply-To=%3Ce7dddf81-3a2e-6315-0d16-3b57d441fc8b%40embecosm.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Embench] Embench meeting/call 11 May 2020">jeremy.bennett at embecosm.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon May 11 15:10:42 CEST 2020</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000047.html">[Embench] Sourcing the Embench reference board
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000049.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 11 May 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#48">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#48">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#48">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#48">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

Hi all,

Our next regular meeting of the Embench group will be today Monday, 11
May, 8-10am California time.

We will meet using the same Zoom details as before. Please email me if
you do not have them - I am reluctant to post details on an open
mailing list.

Agenda
======

1. Actions from previous meeting
- --------------------------------

ACTION: Paolo Savini. Fix issue 51:
- - Complete.

ACTION: Paolo Savini. Fix issue 52
- - Complete.

Action: Paolo Savini/Jeremy Bennett. Get clean Embench 0.5 results in
to results repository
- - In progress.

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett to publicise vendors of reference board on the
mailing list and add more information in documentation.
- - Mailing list notified.
- - Documentation in progress.

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett. Update London Meetup slides and make available
to group.
- - In progress.

ACTION: All. Suggest benchmarks that could be used for a FP
benchmark suite.
- - Follow-up on meeting.

ACTION: Jeremy Bennett. Revise calendar of 2020 meetings to allow for
conferences and holidays.
- - complete.

2. GitHub pull requests
- -----------------------

There are no outstanding pull requests.

3. New GitHub issues
- --------------------

Two issues have been raised.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/59">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/59</A>
- - A request for clarity in documenting the use of CPU_MHZ
- - Thanks to Tilak Girijeswar for raising this.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/60">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/60</A>
- - A request to use stdint types throughout.
- - This has been discussed and decided in the past
- - The documentation should be updated to reflect this.
- - Thanks to Tilak Girijeswar for raising this.

The following issues have been closed

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/31">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/31</A>
- - explanation provided.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/40">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/40</A>
- - bug fixed by patch from Paolo Savini

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/47">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/47</A>
- - explanation provided

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/51">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/51</A>
- - bug fixed by patch from Mark Hill

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/52">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/52</A>
- - bug fixed by same patch as for issue 40.

<A HREF="https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/53">https://github.com/embench/embench-iot/issues/53</A>
- - explanation provided

Thanks to all those who provided explanations and patches.

4. Update on benchmarks
- -----------------------

Jeremy Bennett to report on status of results repository.

5. Publicity
- ------------

David Patterson will update us on the status of our HotChips submission

What is the plan for Arm TechCon this year?

6. Embench 0.6
- --------------

At our last meeting we all took an action to consider new benchmarks
that could be included in a floating-point Embench suite.
- - BEEBS has some
- - we should increase the platform size, to say 1MB
- - can we add some machine-learning benchmarks.
- - should we use Cortex M4 or M7 as baseline.

In addition there was a desire for
- - easier configuration
- - extending the interrupt latency/context-switching benchmark
- - having a saner way of measuring code size!

Since that meeting, David Patterson has suggested some machine
learning benchmarks that are appropriate. This is an opportunity for
further discussion. In particular to find volunteers to lead
particular aspects of the effort.

7. Next meeting
- ---------------

We currently meet regularly on the third Monday of each month 8-10am
California time. Our future meetings will be. Note that 2 dates have
been changed to accommodate upcoming conferences/holidays.
- - Mon 15 Jun 2020
- - Mon 20 Jul 2020
- - Mon 10 Aug 2020 (changed)
- - Mon 21 Sep 2020
- - Mon 19 Oct 2020
- - Mon 16 Nov 2020
- - Mon 14 Dec 2020 (changed)

I've created a calendar entry for our regular attendees, to provide
automated reminders. Please ask if you wish to be added to this.

8. AOB
- ------

Best wishes,


Jeremy Bennett
Vice chair

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----

iF0EARECAB0WIQRASGDWqmhRZUfAaPW+9YFy+0dU4QUCXrlO0QAKCRC+9YFy+0dU
4dZmAJoCejhT/DBFcWptf1W/o9HTeClytACcCX6BK572iKhtryykN6yNYkMd468=
=wPEQ
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message (by thread): <A HREF="000047.html">[Embench] Sourcing the Embench reference board
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message (by thread): <A HREF="000049.html">[Embench] Notes from Embench call 11 May 2020
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#48">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#48">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#48">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#48">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.librecores.org/listinfo/embench">More information about the Embench
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
